FONTLOG for the Accordance font

This file provides detailed information on the Accordance Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Accordance fonts
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Accordance is a Unicode typeface family that supports Latin, Greek, Coptic, Hebrew, Arabic, Syriac,
and other biblically related characters, and could be expanded to support other
scripts.

This release contains the normal, Bold, Italic, and Bold Italic styles, along with a reference
to the applicable Open Font License and this FONTLOG.
To contribute to the project please e-mail contact@accordancebible.com.

ChangeLog

31 January 2020 (Drayton Benner) Accordance Font Family version 1.2
- Added U+FDF2 "Arabic Ligature Allah Isolated Form"

06 November 2018 (Drayton Benner) Accordance Font Family version 1.1
- Added additional characters, including all Latin Extended Characters, Ellipsis and Bullet, and Egyptological alef, ain, and yod
- Updated English characters slightly
- Reduced line spacing (leading) significantly.
- Add OpenType instructions for correct Hebrew rendering in a variety of apps.

10 June 2016 (Kevin Gyllenberg) Accordance Font Family version 1.02
- increased size of single and double quotes by 20%.

22 May 2016 (Kevin Gyllenberg) Accordance Font Family version 1.01
- tweaked the arabic ascenders and descenders to slightly improve the line spacing.
- changed glyphs with diacritics to composite ligatures to reduce font file size.

12 March 2015 (Kevin Gyllenberg) Accordance Font Family version 1.00
- Initial release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Joel Brown
E: joel@accordancebible.com
W: https://accordancebible.com
D: Project Coordinator

OakTree Software, Inc. has been dedicated to the development of state of the art software
since 1989. The company has focused on areas of special interest, particularly the study
of the Biblical texts.