
Kaska Miskolczi
Unicorn Design & Development Engineer

Atlanta, GA 30338
Phone: (208) 699-7979
E-Mail: stddef@outlook.hu

Professional Summary

Industrious and capable Engineer with proven history of enhancing technical operations. Gifted with strong analytical and excellent troubleshooting skills, investigating root causes and implementing successful resolutions. Adept in iterative deployments, with particular emphasis on continual integration, automation and milestone driven development.
Proficient in conducting primary and secondary research for both user experiences and team motivation strategies, to help boost overall performance for everyone.
Familiar with the policies and procedures required to maintain compliance for HIPPA, Government CMS (USA, Ireland, Canada, EU), and payment processing. Also highly competent in systems management, data modeling, architectural diagramming, and proposal development.

Work History

December 2015 to Current
Miskolczi Software Atlanta, GA
Senior Consultant    

Contributed to success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring practices, training programs and management systems.
Worked with product planners and engineers from conceptualization to production launch, refining cloud, on-prem and hybrid platforms, with feasibility, design, operation and performance at the for-front of all component and system solutions.
Managed infrastructure upgrades, analysis and resolution of end user hardware and software issues; and updated company systems for efficiency, to improve overall productivity 64%.
Created software with computer scripting input and processed by software to generate commands, events, objects and characters for player interaction.

July 2018 to November 2018
RelayHealth Corporation Atlanta, GA
Senior Cloud Security and Design Consultant    

Designed and implemented system security and data assurance, and enterprise processes, with best practices tailored for healthcare requirements via HIPPA and Gov.CMS.
Wrote and maintained custom scripts to increase system efficiency and performance time, during installations, configurations and maintenance of operating systems, for an SLA of 99.9999997%
Implemented network security equipment, including firewalls, two-factor authentication, and antivirus software for networks supporting over 2.5 million users.
Prepared, all documentation and continued grant proposals to support Azure and OpenStack environments, implemented with a front-end design for level II tech implementation.

October 2017 to July 2018
Booz Allen Hamilton Atlanta, GA
Senior User Interface Developer    

Maintained strict budgetary and scheduling guidelines to satisfy clients with high-quality, targeted designs with on-shore and off-shore development teams.
Designed and executed security measures such as firewalls, MFA, block-chain encryption, and SEIM logging with scripted alerts.
Planned and engineered RESTful web services, consuming Tableau outputs into JSON and designed with D3JS, to manipulate dynamic datasets for CDC's and ArcGIS datasets.
Conceived and built optimized mobile and web applications in HTML, CSS, PHP, .NET, C# with Razor, vanilla JavaScript, Angular and NodeJS.

February 2017 to November 2017
FierceMarkets Washington, DC
Software Developer    

Collaborated with developers and performance engineers to enhance supportability and identify performance bottlenecks, throughout all stages of our development lifecycle.
Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing operating costs 36%.
Led group of 15 engineers in design and development of headless CMS of Drupal via Bash Scripting, Drush, and AWS solutions.
Orchestrated efficient large-scale software deployments, including testing features and correcting code.
Performed regression, unit-blocked and system-level testing to verify software quality and function prior to release.
Compiled specifications, dev. methods and other scripting modifiers for headlessCMS project into technical manuals for team.
Interfaced between high-value customers and junior developers, encouraging use of client feedback in software updates.

April 2015 to November 2016
Florida SouthWestern State College Naples, FL
Webmaster and 3D Animator    

Gathered and synthesized business requirements, as the team representative in executive meetings, discussing defining and translating user requirements into project designs and implementation plans, exceeding aggressive deadlines.
Strengthened company brand and identity by creating distinctive website and logo, post Edison State College name change.
Built user interface, data visualizations and designed to eliminate bugs and improve overall user experience, resulting in 27% increase of enrollment and SEO/SEM click-through rates.
Owned more than 82 corporate projects per year from initial research and conceptual design through testing, development and implementation phases.
Spearheaded and implemented use of Git and Mercurial version control across all four campuses for design and development.
Created powerful headless Content Management System built with HTML, CSS, PHP, vanilla JavaScript, C++, MySQL, Oracle Cloud, AWS, Puppet, and OpenStack solutions, to serve as interface for client.
Automated consumption of Oracle and SAP data outputs, by custom built RESTful and SOAP micro-services to manipulate dynamic datasets with multiple entry and touch points.

December 2013 to July 2014
Abbey Carpet And Floor Bonita Springs, FL
Webmaster    

Liaised with customers to determine pre-development design specifications, including finished design parameters, implementation deliverables and to meet strict deadlines.
Built user interface, data visualizations and designed overall user experience, resulting in 67% increase in sales and100% improvement in ADA/WCAG compliance.
Delivered drastic improvements to new headless CMS framework, developed off a Sitecore distro, still in use today, leading to 97% efficiency boost, with emphasis on realtime API integrations with other big-box retailers across the continental USA.
Wrote server-side and client-side code for C# and .NET and .NET Core projects using Bash Scripting, PHP, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, specifically with Angular and Node frameworks.
Created detailed performance KPIs and analytical reports on client website strategies, honing user demographics and statistics using Google Analytics and custom vanilla JavaScript automation.

September 2012 to February 2014
Unites Parcel Service Of America Fort Myers, FL
Aircraft Weight and Balance Algorithmic Engineer    

Identified issues with software components and isolated regulation faults prior to implementing corrective actions.
Interpreted aircraft specifications, diagrams and blueprints and compared information to completed work verify quality and assess vehicle integrity.
Assisted dismantling and repairing of reconditioned aircraft structural parts and hangar equipment to repair malfunctions and enhance functionality, performance and durability.
Adhered to strict safety procedures and protocols when creating automated logarithmic functions via Binary, ASM, C/C++ libraries, protecting both flight personnel and software equipment.
Cultivated vast knowledge of aircraft systems by attending training workshops, enhancing functionality of systems, automating the checkout control features of our Boeing cargo aircraft and implementation of expertise in routine work and special projects.
Saved USP over $2 million by implementing cost-saving initiatives that addressed long-standing problems related to our incremental weight and balance control system.

December 2009 to March 2013
Florida Gulf Coast University Naples, Florida
Scripting and Automation Engineer    

Performed gap analysis procedures and detailed data reviews to optimize cost-effective strategies for software implementation.
Tested, automated and whitelisted software to be used in secure environments, establishing a university-wide automation methodology, frameworks and tools.
Exercised complete understanding of PLC, XML, Bash, Binary, and ASM programming to support maintenance and optimized automation of our programs.
Collaborated with systems engineers and customers to determine machine requirements and develop specifications for user interface, machine functions and quality control to deliver reliable automation systems.
Kept on track with deadlines for development cycle times.
Utilized comprehensive understanding of Allen Bradley Ladder Logic to produce code to revolutionize automation.
Supported Engineering and Maintenance departments with complex troubleshooting, training and technical support.

Education

Florida Gulf Coast University Naples, Florida
Bachelor of Arts Philosophy of Science And Technology With AI 

Skills

Network administration 

Consulting 

Data collection and analysis 

Scalability Planning 

System Diagnostics 

Project Management 

Project Documentation 

Strategization 

Systems Analysis 

Budgeting 

User Interface Design 

Team Oversight 

Troubleshooting 

Website Optimization 

Content Marketing Strategy 

Agile Workflow Processes 

Marketing Automation 

Design Pattern Libraries 

Programmatic Automation 

Recursive and Unit Testing 

Regulatory Compliance 

Troubleshooting 

Safety Procedures 

Avionics Wiring Repair 

Data Management 

VBScript 

Flash and ActionScript 

Advanced C and C++ 

Virtualization 

Network Dev. & Admin. 

Technical Writing 

API Design Knowledge 

Shell Scripting 

.Net Development 

Advanced Knowledge of PHP 

System Development and Administration 

MS Office 

Communications 

Customer Service 

QA Automation 

UX Performance Analysis 

UX Diagnostic Management 

User Data Collection 

Iterative Development 

User Interface Development 

Vanilla JavaScript 

JS Framework: Angular 

JS Framework: React 

JS Framework: Node 

JS Framework: 11ty 

JS Library: Ionic 

JS Library: Stencil 

JS Library: jQuery 

ASP.NET & .NET Core 

C# with Razor 

C/C++ 

Bash/ZSH/KSH 

Curl & Perl 

PHP 5.7+ 

MySQL and MySQL Server 

Oracle Cloud 

Azure Cloud 

Axure UX 

Adobe Creative Suite 

Maxon Cinema 4D 

AutoDesk Suite 

Sketch 

Figma 

MarvelApp 

WordPress 

HTML/CSS 

PostgreSQL 

CouchDB 

Ruby & Rails 

JS Framework: Ember 

JS Library: Handlebars 

JS Framework: D3 

JS Framework: Three 

Tableau 

SAP SolEx & S/4HANA 

Sitecore 

Drupal 

Magento 

Shopify 

WooCommerce 

DB2 Databases 

Jet Databases 

Binary 

ASM & Web ASM 

NoSQL 

IBM Informix 

ArcGIS Server 

Tivoli Storage Manager 

Kubernetes 

Docker 

AWS 

IBM Bluemix 

Python 

Objective C 

Swift 

IBM Watson 

Kali Linux 

DNS Tree Traversals 

Block-Chain (Bytes) 

SHA Encryption & Alg 

Algol 68 

HPE Non-Stop 

Pascal 

Cobol 

VMware 

VirtualBox 

Ansible & Ansible Tower 

ATLAS Machine Learning 

Apache Mahout 

Apache Kafka 

Prototyping 

Wireframing 

Animation 

Character Illustration 

Product Design 

Branding 

SEO/SEM Digital Marketing 

Print Mail Order Campaigns 

Email Marketing 

Surveys via Qualtrix 

Survey Automation 

Data Analysis 
